Add events used in commerce-store context (#9)
eye-square/docs: client-scripts-api.md

  value: true|false
}
```

### `routeChange`

> This event is triggered when a change in the internal router has happened.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This event is triggered when a change in the internal router happens.
```

  value: true|false
}
```

### `routeChange`

This event is triggered when a change in the internal router happens.

Payload:

```js
{
  location: {
    pathname: '/products',
    search: '?page=0',
    query: {
      page: 0,
    },
    hash: '#',
  },
  action: 'PUSH',
}
```

### E-Commerce specific events

#### `ecomCheckout`

> 

Reviewer 2: the `ecom` prefix feels a bit superfluous:

```
checkout,
basketQuantityChange,
searchTermChange,
...
````
They're a bit more concise and can be used in more scenarios. For example searchTermChange can be used in google search studies

Author: I updated most event names to be more generic. For now I kept the `ecom` prefix for checkout and the basket quantity change. They are quite specific to ecom products. But that also is up to discussion.

I think it's generally good to have the possibility of context specific events and namespace them with a prefix.

  value: true|false
}
```

### `routeChange`

This event is triggered when a change in the internal router happens.

Payload:

```js
{
  location: {
    pathname: '/products',

>     search: '?page=0',

Reviewer 3: ❓ not sure i get the name search here, wouldnt query be sufficient?

Author: Query is not always there. Depends if it's transformed or not.

Reviewer 3: ok i dont understand what you mean 😅 
if query is the query param, what is search? it looks like its just the query params in string form

Author: yes, but the library not always transforms the search string to `query` It's not transformed by us but by the router lib.
I just figured it's not always there, so I included the raw one as well

    query: {
      page: 0,
    },
    hash: '#',
  },

>   action: 'PUSH',

Reviewer 3: ❓ can you explain what action means and what other values are to be expected?

Author: it's the history action from the browser API. so PUSH means it pushes to the history. REPLACE means it replaces the last item from the history (like a redirect or just a small change like adding a search param that should not result in a new history entry.

Reviewer 3: still maybe good to add in comment which values are possible in enums like this ```// PUSH, REPLACE```

Author: Yeah, I will add it

}
```

### `searchTermChange`

Subject changed and applied a new search term. Includes also the result count for the new search.

Payload:

```js
{
  searchTerm: 'chocolate',
  resultCount: 145,
}
```

The property `resultCount` is optional and could be omitted if result count is not known or not available.

> ### `resultsFilterChange`

Reviewer 3: 💭 could maybe be just filterChange, the event origin would describe thats a results anyway right?

Author: Yeah, I just thought that it might potentially conflict with other filters maybe?

Reviewer 3: but those would have different origins wouldnt they?

Reviewer 3: we do the same if we have multiple vids, the events are generic, just differnt origins/elements that cause them

Author: They could have different payload if it's a different kind of filter.

Subject changed the filters for results and applied the filters or initial empty filter has been applied.

Payload:

```js
{
  activeFilters: {
    brandName: ['snickers', 'milka', 'lindt', 'm&ms'],
  }
  activeFilterCount: 4,
  resultCount: 46, // Results after filter has been applied
}
```

### `paginationChange`

Results page has been changed or initialized. Origin of event tells where the pagination has changed.

Payload:

```js
{
  hasNextPage: true
  hasPrevPage: true
  page: 6
  totalPageCount: 59
}
```

### E-Commerce specific events

> 

Reviewer 3: ❓ what about events like `addToBasked`?

Author: They are all done with the `basketQuantityChange` event to simplify it. From the `difference` property you can see if it was newly added.
